I call this dive site the pinnacle and
these fish that you can see here in the
beginning of the day they actually
called monos they're a kind of fat fish
this is a good story of what the reef
looks like covered in different kinds of
enemies lots of dendro soft coral lots
and lots of reef fish gorgonian sea fans
in all different colors are found all
over the pinnacle and there's also lots
and lots of big healthy barrel sponges
that's a moorish idol at yellow fish you
can see there in the background it's
very unusual to find any kind of turtle
on this dive site because it sits far
away from any land in open water but I
came across a juvenile Hawksbill turtle
just feeding on some bubble coral there
it's a critically endangered species
listed by the IUCN as critically
endangered literally on the verge of
extinction but we're lucky enough in the
Andaman Sea to have a reasonable
population of them and he's feeding on
his favorite food bubble coral there you
can see the distinct jagged edges of his
shell which is one of the things that
makes them easily identifiable from a
green turtle swimming away from me as
fast as you can
many people think that this is either an
an enemy or soft coral but it's actually
the tentacles of a particular kind of
hard coral crown-of-thorns starfish one
of the most venomous kind of starfish on
the reef
like all starfish they feed by extruding
their stomach onto the coral and then
slowly dissolving coral and then sucking
their stomach back inside this is a
classic reef seen anywhere on the
pinnacle
that's another moorish idol there in the
front you can find lionfish on all of
the dive sites all over Thailand or
anywhere in the Andaman Sea for that
matter this is a common lionfish he
belongs to the score Pinard a family
which includes lionfish scorpion fish
and stone fish and they're well known to
be very poisonous and all the venom is
found in those erection dorsal fins this
is a pair of yellow trumpet fish and I'm
assuming by their behavior that it's
male and female seems to be some kind of
courtship and I came across them just
towards the end of the dive sitting up
there in the blue water and now I'm on
my safety stop and being harassed by
these pink jellyfish very beautiful just
sitting in the Sun there the name of the
dive site is called the pinnacle you can
get there from Phuket PP or crabby town
you